Clarify when HTTP_PROXY applies (#12755)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/setup/reference/networking.mdx

Some networks funnel all connections through a proxy server where they can be
audited and access control rules can be applied. For these scenarios, Teleport
supports HTTP CONNECT tunneling. HTTP CONNECT applies to:

- `tsh` in all cases

> - Reverse tunnel agents dialing back to proxies.

Reviewer: I'm not sure that readers will understand "Reverse tunnel agents" unless they have spent a lot of time in our docs. I would recommend something like, "Teleport services, such as the SSH Service and Database Service, that dial back to the Teleport Proxy Service". Also, both list items should end with the same punctuation.

Some networks funnel all connections through a proxy server where they can be
audited and access control rules can be applied. For these scenarios, Teleport

> supports HTTP CONNECT tunneling for `tsh` and for `teleport` when running in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
supports HTTP CONNECT tunneling for `tsh` and `teleport` when running in
```

> supports HTTP CONNECT tunneling for `tsh` and for `teleport` when running in

Reviewer 2: TBH I'm not sure this makes it clearer than before. Could we instead list scenarios in which HTTP_PROXY variables take effect? For example, "logging into the cluster with tsh", "reverse tunnel agents dialing back to the proxy with/without TLS routing", anything else?

> [TLS routing mode](../../architecture/tls-routing.mdx).

Reviewer: From this change, it sounds to me like the `tsh` and `teleport` binaries each support HTTP CONNECT in their own way, but is this more because `tsh` and `teleport` would be on either side of a client connection involving the Proxy Service?

I think we should make this paragraph more specific. Rather than saying "Teleport" supports HTTP Connect, we should talk about the specific Teleport services that are affected. This would be particularly useful for the `systemd` instructions below—I'm not sure if these apply to the `teleport` daemon that runs the Auth Service, Proxy Service, agents, etc.

And rather than include a brief link to explain TLS routing, I think we can incorporate the TLS routing setup instructions (i.e., editing `teleport.yaml`) into the instructions for enabling HTTP CONNECT tunneling via environment variables.

> [TLS routing mode](../../architecture/tls-routing.mdx).

Reviewer: From this change, it sounds to me like the `tsh` and `teleport` binaries each support HTTP CONNECT in their own way, but is this more because `tsh` and `teleport` would be on either side of a client connection involving the Proxy Service?

I think we should make this paragraph more specific. Rather than saying "Teleport" supports HTTP Connect, we should talk about the specific Teleport services that are affected. This would be particularly useful for the `systemd` instructions below—I'm not sure if these apply to the `teleport` daemon that runs the Auth Service, Proxy Service, agents, etc.

And rather than include a brief link to explain TLS routing, I think we can incorporate the TLS routing setup instructions (i.e., editing `teleport.yaml`) into the instructions for enabling HTTP CONNECT tunneling via environment variables.

```

When Teleport builds and establishes the reverse tunnel to the main cluster, it will funnel all traffic through the proxy. Specifically, if using the default configuration, Teleport will tunnel ports `3024` (SSH, reverse tunnel) and `3080` (HTTPS, establishing trust) through the proxy.

> If you need to not proxy some of this traffic (for example, proxying HTTPS but not SSH), add the corresponding `host:port` to `NO_PROXY`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't want to proxy some of this traffic (for example, proxying HTTPS but not SSH), add Teleport Proxy Service endpoint's `host:port` to `NO_PROXY`.
```

> If you don't want to proxy some of this traffic (for example, proxying HTTPS but not SSH), add Teleport Proxy Service endpoint's `host:port` to `NO_PROXY`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you don't want to proxy some of this traffic (for example, proxying HTTPS but not SSH), assign `NO_PROXY` to the address of the Teleport Proxy Service endpoint you want to exclude from HTTP_CONNECT tunneling in `host:port` format:
```

```
[Service]
Environment="HTTP_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080/"
Environment="HTTPS_PROXY=http://proxy.example.com:8080/"

> Environment="NO_PROXY=example.com:3024"

Reviewer 2: Couple of questions here:

- Maybe say `teleportproxy.example.com` to indicate that this is address of the Teleport Proxy Service?
- Is it enough to just include proxy's web endpoint here? Have we tested this? I seem to remember a customer who encountered this before we rolled back the change in v9 had to add `kube.teleport.cluster.local` to NO_PROXY. Is it not needed?

Author: `kube.teleport.cluster.local` is needed; I added the docs for it in #13048.

> Environment="NO_PROXY=teleportproxy.example.com:3024"

Reviewer: Does NO_PROXY support multiple endpoints/values?
